You're Watching on 123Movies.to
All before
We fall apart
We crawl into
A jealous heart
Come to me
With open arms
And don't you fear
What waits for us
All the noise
That talks you down
We trace the view
We taste the ground
Come on in
You chosen one
'Cause in your name
The horses run
Gone and gone it is, gonna get you right
Get you, get you right, right along
Gonna, gonna get you right
Talk it like it is, don't you pick a fight
If you get to fly right out beyond
Thought she was the West
And she never rest
Walked on out into the light
All before
We fall apart
We crawl into
A jealous heart
Come to me
With open arms
And don't you fear
What waits for us
Toplessness, female toplessness, was
declared legal in New York back in 1992,
where the highest court
in the state of New York said...
that where men can be topless, as a matter
of equal protection under the laws,
women can be topless too.
This is a Channel 2 News special report.
To update you on the situation, there has
been a mass shooting at a movie theater
just outside Denver, Colorado, in Aurora.
According to the Aurora Police Department,
a gunman acted alone,
opening fire on audiences
in two movie theaters,
at the premier of Batman:
Dark Knight Returns.
So far, Channel 2 News has confirmed
that there are at least
10 fatalities and 20 injured.
We'll have more information...
Do you have a political agenda?
Today, we were wrongfully arrested,
as the chief of police just admitted,
and we were forced by law to be let go.
So keep your laws off our bodies.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome. Let's wrap this up.
Liv?
- Hello. Who the fuck are you?
- Sorry. My name is With.
I write for News Corp, and I was
on Wall Street when you were arrested.
- Yeah, you want to interview me?
- Yes, I think I'd like to do a piece on you.
Well, how 'bout this? Next time,
you join us, and I will grant you
- whatever interview you'd like.
- Me topless? I don't think so.
Why not? Looks like you got
a nice pair under there.
Because I'm a journalist, not an activist.
Do you have to be an activist
to agree that it's bullshit
that a man can walk around shirtless
on a hot summer's day,
- and a woman will get arrested for it?
- I never really thought about it like that.
Well, how 'bout you join us next time, and
I will think about giving you an interview?
How 'bout you give me an interview
and I'll think about joining you?
- I will win this game.
- No, you won't.
Yes, I will.
Oh, good. You're home.
I need two rent checks,
because right now, they're on the verge
of shutting off our cable,
which means no internet, no email, no HBO,
no connection
to the outside world whatsoever.
I don't get paid till Friday,
and I have, like, $88. to my name.
Can you please pirate
the Wi-Fi from next door?
I have to finish this, and I will... yeah.
- You want me to pirate the Wi-Fi?
- Yeah.
- From next door?
- Maybe you could get a second job?
- A job?
- Yeah.
- Really? Like what?
Waitressing. Hosting,
bartending, stripping.
- Stripping is a respectable... it's...
- First of all, there's thousands of people
in line for every job in the city,
and secondly, concerning the pole,
I can't even get naked in front
of people I'm attracted to,
let alone random humans
throwing bills at me.
I'm not the enemy here...
- I'm not mad at you, I'm just... I'm done.
- I feel like you are mad at me.
'Cause you're not using your indoor voice,
and now you're saying, "I'm done, I'm done,"
and walking away to the couch.
You can storm off and dramatically
sit on the other side of the room.
That's fine. I'll match you on this.
I'll just stare you down
until you give me your money.
If I don't sell this story, I promise,
I'm gonna sell my eggs, my plasma,
- my blood... whatever it takes.
- Yeah.
I'm gonna get you the money, okay?
All right. So...
I just... I just want to get some face...
basic facts out of the way.
- Okay. Bring it on, reporter girl.
- Please say your name and age.
- Liv. 23 years young.
- Where are you from?
Chicago, but I've been here
since I was 17.
Where do you live?
Right now I'm squatting
in a basement in Red Hook.
And what do your parents do?
- They are professional hippies.
- And do you have a job?
I volunteer at this website called
"Magic Transistor." It's really cool.
- Are you married?
- Are you hitting on me?
No! No. I'm just trying to get,
you know, the full picture.
What is your goal in going topless
in public places?
- To expose the double standard.
- Can you explain to me the double standard?
Absolutely.
What I can't get my head around
is that the nipple is the first thing
we see when we're born.
It nourishes us, and then somehow,
the symbol of life becomes illegal.
I mean, my own mother was kicked out
of church for breastfeeding me.
And what's even more annoying
is that, while we're allowed
to see murder, violence,
and war on every channel,
Janet Jackson's nipple slips and it becomes
the fucking crime of the century.
Furthermore, I'm trying to bring about
more responsible representations
of female nudity,
because the only representations
that I see in mainstream culture
are ones that are totally hypersexualized
and ones that make me question
what it means to be a woman
in modern society.
How many times have you been arrested?
No comment.
Why do you think you keep getting arrested
for something that's legal in New York?
Because cops are morons.
So why do you keep doing it?
It makes me feel good.
Why don't you get a lawyer next time?
I've thought about it.
Maybe you can be in charge of that,
since you've promised to join us next time.
- I did?
- You did.
What if I don't?
I will deny everything in this interview.
I should not have to use
an NFL halftime show
as a negative example
to teach my children.
Allowing tasteless Super Bowl programming
is a nationwide entertainment
industry standard.
I even had a photograph
of 50 men and women's heads,
and then one woman's breast was showing.
They had a problem with it, and I said,
"Why don't you just blur it out?"
And they said, "Oh, we don't censor
at The New York Times."
Right, and there were, you know,
there were young children.
- There was a six-year-old.
- What is the problem with people?
And I know that's not the main issue here.
The six-year-old girl who died, okay?
She died because she was, unfortunately,
in the same spot as a lunatic.
But she would have been at home, asleep.
At home asleep,
at home playing board games...
it's not about what time it was
or where she was at.
Batman is a scary movie.
If you're in this to change the world,
you're in the wrong business.
We have a dozen interns who can write
more palatable stories for college credit
and who would love to have your job.
In fact, clear out your desk.
You're just not working out here.
Liv, it's With. Call me back.
I'm on my way to you right now.
Are you there?
Liv, it's With. Call me back.
I'm on my way to you right now.
Hey.
I've been texting you for hours.
Did you lose your phone again?
No, I live in a bomb shelter
and have 1/8 of a bar of reception.
What? Okay, you're freaking me out.
Was there a terrorist attack?
Should we flee?
I couldn't sell the story.
I called and I pleaded
and I begged everyone I knew.
- Who's everyone?
- Post, The Times, Interview.
So none of the paparazzi
that were there...
- none of them printed anything.
- No.
- Not even a blog?
- I tried.
Liv, I think if you want to impact
mass culture in America,
you need to take this to the next level.
I think you need to go really big.
National publicity stunts.
Viral campaigns.
Armies of women in every single city.
I think you need to make so much noise
that these policy-makers have
no other choice but to listen.
With, I can't afford
to eat at a restaurant.
Where am I gonna get
the cash for a revolution?
We'll find the money.
We'll start a nonprofit.
- We're gonna make it work.
- We?
What do you mean, "we"?
What are you saying, Snow White?
I'm saying...
I just lost my job over this article,
I'm about to get evicted,
and I have nothing left to lose.
You honestly believe that we can
change the laws in this country?
Yeah.
Orson!
- What's that on your head?
- A check for fucking $5,000.
Why'd you put it on your head?
That's a dumb place to put a check.
- Yeah, let's go pig out, like, now.
- Okay. Yeah. I'm down.
How much of that did you see?
Like, all of it, or just the end part?
Do you honestly believe that we can
change the laws in this country?
Do you want to hear a quote that sums up
my entire theory of life?
Okay.
"First they ignore you,
then they laugh at you,
"then they fight you, and then you win."
- Who said that?
- Mahatma Gandhi.
- It's very optimistic.
- Yeah.
We got money...
I mean, money isn't really real.
If you think about it, it's like...
pretty colored paper and lots
of numbers in a computer.
That's the single dumbest
thing you've ever said.
- Money is 100% real.
- Well.
- It's the realest thing I know.
- This is real.
That's for me? You are such a good friend.
For rent and cable and 500 for all
the takeout you've been buying.
- I'm not gonna take money for takeout.
- Why aren't you gonna take money for takeout?
Because that's just me
as a friend buying you lunch.
- Just take it.
- I'm not... no. Because no.
Just receive.
Fine. Okay. I'm not happy about it,
and I'll hold this against you.
Oh, Jim Black.
Jim Black? Who's that?
Inquiring minds want to know.
Yeah, yeah. This DC PR guy that I worked
with at the paper finally texted me back.
DC PR guy? What do you mean
you're texting a DC PR guy?
I am starting...
a full-scale culture revolution.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
- And I need help.
- I...
And listen before you...
and it involves a lot of women.
- I might be able to make time.
- Look at...
How single are... most of them?
So, remember when you said we should
get a lawyer to come with you
- to your next topless protest?
- Yeah, that was your idea.
Well, I looked into it, and these lawyers
who specialize in freedom of speech
have agreed to represent us
in New York and nationwide.
Oh, my God! Freeing nipples
state by state. Amazing.
One by one.
So are you gonna do it too?
- What?
- Go topless.
Oh, my God.
Sure. Maybe. Maybe. If I'm surrounded by
other women, but that's not the point, Liv!
Okay, okay. Sorry, sorry.
So how much is this gonna cost us?
$3,000. to put them on retainer,
which is a deal... believe me.
But where are we gonna get that money?
Ta-da!
What is that?
Severance check from the paper. $5,000.
Consider me your first investor.
- Thank you, With.
- You're welcome.
Do you have any issues
with being topless in public places?
I made a resolution this year
to try more new, scary things, so...
that sounds really scary. Yeah.
It says that you have special skills.
Yeah. I know Final Cut, Excel, Photoshop,
Java, Drupal.
And my grandmother was a Black Panther.
- That's so cool.
- I read Malcolm X.
The description says campaign experience,
film and editing skills wanted...
must be comfortable with public nudity.
- Can I be arrested?
- Yeah.
Where do you stand on pasties?
Do you have any objections to your going
undercover inside government organizations
to free this country
from oppression and censorship?
Fuck, yeah.
Do you have any issues
getting topless in public places?
- Thank you. That's great.
- Thank you.
You guys are both filmmakers?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't know you guys didn't speak English,
but that's great that you are here.
I mean, I guess I would have
to tell my husband about it.
- My tits are in.
- I'm free tomorrow.
That's great.
All right.
What's going on? Are we fucked?
It's working.
- Officers, excuse me.
- What's going on here?
These women are my clients, and we have
legal permits for this demonstration.
Now, according to statute 245.01,
the Court of Appeals of New York has ruled
that the exposure of a bare female breast
violates no exposure laws.
And so on behalf of my clients,
for violation of this statute,
I'm officially issuing you a lawsuit.
For their wrongful arrest on Wall Street,
September the 15th of 2012.
Suing them for ten million?
I mean, it was just a PR stunt.
It'll probably get thrown out.
Our lawyers thought it would...
it would lure the press into covering it.
- Should've called me.
- What do you mean?
Well, you know I would've
leaked it to Reuters.
In seconds, you could've been out
to 150 countries in 60 languages.
I think you are tapping into
the first, and probably most...
important amendment to the constitution:
Freedom of religion, freedom
of speech, press, assembly.
Do you know that we are 37th
in the press freedom index?
There are 36 other countries that have
a freer press than we do. 36.
Who's the worst? North Korea?
Eritrea. It's a little tiny country
in East Africa near the Red Sea.
Jim. I know that you're...
that you're crazy busy,
but we need somebody who knows this world,
somebody that can help us connect the dots.
We need a consigliere, a Yoda.
A Yoda? Big shoes to fill.
Yeah.
I just don't know how this is
gonna sit in the big, bad world.
Yeah.
How's the paper?
- I'm done working for dinosaurs.
- You quit.
No, I got fired.
Fuck 'em.
Okay, With... here's what I can do...
Let me percolate on it.
If... if something sifts to the top,
I'll give you a buzz. Okay?
- He's percolating.
- Define percolating.
I mean, his schedule's nuts,
but he's gonna make it work.
- Oh, my God. This is huge.
- Yeah.
What are you coloring?
I'm color-coding the states
that women can legally be topless in.
How many states in America
is the nipple actually legal?
12.
- All right, nips. This is our hit list.
- What am I looking at?
Well, it's a list of 32 good and bad guys
that we're targeting as of now.
Madonna? Lady Gaga?
- Katie Couric?
- For a campaign of this magnitude,
we're gonna need to form a coalition
of like-minded organizations
and reach out to high-profile people
who will champion our cause in the media.
How do you expect us to just reach out
to these huge, iconic names?
Easy, we just call their handlers,
their humans, and say,
"Hey, we are on the front lines
fighting for your freedom.
"You don't want to give us
ten minutes of your client's time?"
Then let karma fall where it may.
That's a really nice theory,
but back here on Earth...
what makes you think these people
are even gonna talk to us?
Cali, everyone in the world
is hungry for something real.
- Our currency is meaning.
- You're joking, right?
No, I'm not joking. I mean, even icons...
icons who have everything in the world
at the end of the day, they realize
all they have is themselves.
They want meaning in their lives.
It's the only thing that they can't buy,
but we can give it to them.
- Hey, we have that meeting.
- What meeting?
That meeting with the investors.
Oh, with the investor. Yeah.
Okay, great. So I'll see you guys later.
See you guys.
What do you think?
Maybe I'll take, like...
- That girl is a button-pusher.
- It's not her. It's her programming.
- She just needs a new operating system.
- She's a contradictarian.
She's working her ass off for free.
Whatev, she can not be talking to us
like that in front of the peeps.
- Rooftop?
- Rooftop. Let's go.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream.
A dream you dream together is a reality.
- Did you just make that up?
- Nah, it's John Lennon.
You realize you quote some genius
at least twice a day.
Sorry. I just love quotes.
I love their timelessness.
I love how they can lift
people's minds, you know?
So we're not firing her.
No.
- Why are you still wearing a bra?
- I don't know. Someone might see.
- Who cares if people see? That's the point.
- Whatever. Just stay there.
With, isn't the point that people see?
I...
That speaks volumes.
Drop the bra. Free your mind.
- Drop the bra.
- Just like that?
- Just like that.
- All right. All right.
You know I appreciate your optimism, but,
you do realize that societies
and religions have been...
oppressing women for countless millennia.
This is not going to change overnight.
I hope you know that.
Yeah, but you know what, you have
to remember that humans and animals
and even bugs at a deep DNA level,
they want to be free.
I'm just merely curious
as to why you think
that you... we can change something that
has never been able to have been changed
in the history of ever. Why us?
Why now? What makes us so unique?
We live in a technological age
of social media,
where one idea can reach
more people in one week
than Jesus, Buddha, or Moses
could reach in over thousands of years.
Let's be careful comparing ourselves
to Buddha and Jesus, okay?
Besides, that's all relative.
There are way more people on this Earth
now than there were 5,000 years ago.
But at the rate you can reach people
overnight is in the millions.
Look what happened in Egypt. That started
with one guy and one Facebook page.
I'm not sure how accurate
that statement is, but listen...
In political movements especially,
the lines between delusion and reality
can become very blurry.
So how about I will stay realistic,
and you two stay optimistic,
and we meet somewhere in the middle.
I fucking love this ice cream.
I think the poster should look like
a piece of Elle's street art.
- Yes.
- I think I know someone who knows her.
Want any text on the poster? Tagline?
- Free the Nipple.
- Right. Free the Nipple it is then.
Yeah!
Dude, we seriously need a bigger place
to work. I mean, one bathroom?
There's no workspaces.
It's like a mini Big Brother in here.
I know, you're preaching to the choir. But
what do you want me to do? Work outside?
You want to work on the roof... what?
All right, you guys.
It's still under construction, but...
we needed a bigger space, so...
Oh, my God.
What do you guys think?
Things aren't really together yet, but we
have it for free for as long as we want.
What? Too rustic?
- When can we move in?
- Now.
- Really?
- Yeah.
We're inside a pool.
The first film I make here
was word-for-word, scene-by-scene
remake of a film I do in Europe.
But after we lock picture, MPAA destroy.
They take out nudity, drug...
you know, anything that was "too real."
- But why did you let them do that?
- You get NC 17 is like pornography, right?
You know, theaters don't release,
no DVD, no Walmart.
I mean, honestly, I feel like we're in
a fucking Communist country right now.
You're not, but, you know, growing up,
you all the time hear America's
home of the free,
but after I work here, I think
it's more repressed than I imagined.
- Excuse me, but we're ready for you.
- Yes, I'm sorry. Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Burt sends me video. Very good.
I like. So you need money?
Oh... yeah. Money would be great.
How much you need
and what you need this for?
Here's what you're up against. In 1980...
religious organizations mobilized
and put Reagan in the White House.
Basically, from that moment,
the Republicans made an alliance
with the Christian right,
and when puritans start manipulating
politicians and hijacking government,
that's when censorship laws get weird.
Here's how it works: Let's say
there is a television show like Skins,
where you have teenagers having sex,
- ingesting drugs, etcetera, etcetera.
- I like that show.
Here's why it's no longer on in the U.S.:
Groups like the PTC
rally their religious base,
to send e-mails and phone calls
to DC, to the FCC,
to the press, to the networks,
and, in Skins' case, MTV.
The sponsors freak out.
They pull their ads. MTV freaks out.
No more money?
Puritanical ideology...
meet commerce. Show's off the air.
But Jim, how do we go up against
these huge Goliath institutions?
I mean, I just feel that we're
slightly out-gunned here.
Okay, first thing you have to
understand is this is not about fighting.
I'm pretty sure she meant metaphorically.
Metaphorically, literally, you got
to forget about this idea of fighting.
Whatever you fight grows stronger.
That's very Zen of you,
but I'm asking how do we change
the censorship laws in America?
This is not about politics.
This is about the hearts
and minds of the people.
You want to shake things up? Take
a page out of the Christian right's book.
Use the same tactics
they employ on your cause.
We're a product of this puritanical
culture, but let me ask you this...
who do you think runs the world?
- The 1%?
- No.
The Illuminati?
No. You do.
The people.
When the masses align, Rome falls,
Egypt falls, it all falls down.
- In theory, but...
- No, not in theory. In real time.
What do you think all those
little religious groups
across the great unwashed are made of?
A bunch of people.
What you need is
a state-of-the-art campaign
that will be the butterfly wing
that will trigger the tsunami
of signatures to petitions.
You drive to Washington via social media.
When you reach your critical mass,
I'll take care of the press.
CNN, Fox, BBC.
I'll make a few phone calls, and suddenly,
the great media monster's eyes
will turn toward you...
for 15 minutes.
Maybe 15 seconds.
In that moment...
What are you gonna say?
We researched the name "Topless Warriors,"
and it's already been taken
- by some group in Russia.
- What? Are you fucking my tits?
- Orson!
- Hey. What's up?
Talk to me. Who are these girls?
These are Femen. According to this site,
they have over 300 members.
And they protested issues ranging
from the plight of the Ukrainian prostitute
- to the election of President Putin.
- These humans are hardcore.
- How did they get so much press?
- They're smart.
They target high-profile, international
events like Davos and elections.
They hit the Vatican.
- We need to do that.
- What?
Storm high-profile landmarks
with thousands of topless women.
- What's equivalent to the Vatican in America?
- St. Patrick's Cathedral?
- Probably the White House, right?
- Yes! We need to invade DC.
- With, can I talk to you just for a second?
- Yeah. We're gonna go get some food.
- Would you guys want anything?
- Yeah. Could you grab some Dunkaroos?
- Dunkaroos? What's that?
- It's the cookie with the kangaroo.
They're shaped in a kangaroo,
and you drop them into the...
It's like the little...
- I know what they are. Come on.
- Okay.
Get whatever varieties they have.
- Chocolate and vanilla.
- And some string cheese.
We should try to get in touch with that
porn star that's in parliament too.
What's up?
- Nothing.
- Come on.
- Well, we have a problem.
- Yeah.
- Roz, tell her.
- What is it?
I ran the numbers and the invoices
and the receipts, and as of now,
we're down to $397.21.
Thank You for Watching Movies on 123Movies.to
And, girls, if we're seriously planning
on producing a campaign
Thank You for Watching Movies on 123Movies.to
with thousands of women in DC,
we're gonna need real money,
Thank You for Watching Movies on 123Movies.to
or this whole thing
is going to fall apart.
Thank You for Watching Movies on 123Movies.to
Okay, the universe is not going
to fall apart, Chicken Little.
Thank You for Watching Movies on 123Movies.to
Okay, the universe is not going
to fall apart, Chicken Little.
The universe has a plan.
In quantum physics, they have proven
that space and time are illusions.
So if time doesn't really exist,
then the impact that we are going
to make... we've already made...
and everything that we are going to do,
we've already done.
Liv, I don't need
the Carl Sagan explanation.
All I need to know is do we have money?
Because, like, the wall... we're at it.
I...
I have to start looking for a job.
Seriously, I'm not even kidding anymore.
We're in the middle of a revolution.
You can't get a job.
I have to pay rent in four days,
and my phone's about to get cut off.
With, you cannot afford the luxury
of a negative thought right now.
We're out of money, and we need a plan.
- Well, Cali had an idea, but, well...
- But what?
All right, well, you know those websites
where you can upload a video to get people
- to care about your cause...
- Yeah, like Kickstarter.
Yeah, exactly. Well, we could make
a viral video right now if we wanted to.
- We've got iPhones.
- And shoot what?
All right. Heads...
I run topless through
Times Square and you film.
Tails, you run topless through
Times Square and I film you.
No!
I mean, in front of you is one thing,
but in front of complete strangers?
That's in my top ten worst fears ever,
right next to being buried alive.
No.
- No what?
- No.
You know, you can't be halfway pregnant.
You can't be half-committed, either.
What's it gonna be? Yes or no?
All right. Flip the fucking coin!
Free the nipple if you dare to
Life is all too short
You got to run the gauntlet, baby
You know that you should
Free the nipple
Everyone who leaves an open door
They are free to lead you into
A better universe
Let me go home
This is the best bet ever.
Now I don't give a fuck.
You don't give a fuck? You don't give...
now I don't give a fuck. Whateva.
Let me go home
Yeah
Don't let me be the last
To let it go
Let me go home
Yeah
Don't let me be the last
To let it go
Right there! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Run, run, run! Go!
Okay, okay, okay, okay. Come on.
Hey, hey. Hey.
I don't know what she's doing.
She's not answering her phone.
I don't know.
- How bad is it?
- It's bad.
They're charging her with disturbing the
peace, resisting arrest, reckless assault.
- Reckless assault? For what?
- How much is the bail?
- $25,000.
- $25,000?
With, where are you going?
To bail her out. What do you think?
Come on. Let's go.
Is there any way around
paying for this permit, Jim?
I have a money problem.
You could call it performance art
and get a permit
and set up a temporary
art museum for free.
That's brilliant.
Why didn't we do that to begin with?
It's risky. Most curators
don't want the controversy.
There's no guarantee
you'll get the permit.
With? You there?
Jim, let's do it.
Are you sure?
Yes.
We require a 10% deposit,
so for you... that's $2,500.
As soon as we... you know,
as soon as we get the check from you,
we can get her out of there.
- Thanks.
- Yep.
Roz, how much money
do we have in the bank?
The next check just cleared.
It's, like, $1,500.
You cannot use that money for bail.
That money is for DC.
We're getting her out.
She's the reason this whole thing started.
I should be the one in jail.
So you're just gonna jeopardize
our entire plan to get Liv out of jail?
No. There's another way.
We can get permits for free.
- What are you talking about?
- I spoke to Jim,
and he said that if we get museums
to sponsor us, we'll be fine.
And if we can't?
Then that's... that's a risk
I'm willing to take.
Okay, look. I know how you feel.
We all love Liv.
This is much bigger than her now.
Okay? You cannot do this.
I'm not letting her stay in jail
one more hour, and that's final.
That's final?
- Who says?
- I say.
Not happy? Walk away.
That's a good idea. That's what I'm gonna
do right now. I'm gonna walk away.
- What? Cali, stop.
- Don't.
- What are you doing? We need her.
- We don't need Cali. We need Liv.
We still need another thousand dollars.
Are you okay?
We've been looking for you all night.
Every revolution meets resistance,
and that's when things get real.
Roz, I appreciate the halftime speech,
but we're broke,
and Liv is in jail indefinitely.
We're done. The whole thing just...
- is dead.
- It's not dead.
It's not dead. It got hit by
a freight train, sure, but it is not dead.
With...
do you even remember why you hired me?
I don't know, 'cause you're cool
and you were willing to work for free.
No. She didn't even read my resume.
Before this, I threw events
and fundraisers. This is what I do.
Liv is a political prisoner.
This is more than enough to get
people together to throw a bail party.
- Are you serious?
- It's not that complicated.
We just get a venue,
some cheap liquor and food, and-boom!
- She's out of jail.
- Boom.
Yeah. Boom.
Now get the fuck up off the floor.
Our fearless leader
is probably rotting in a jail cell
on a dirty, urine-stained floor
getting gang-banged.
- Liv, oh, you so pretty!
- Come on.
Let this be your motivation. Get up.
We are organizing a massive protest
with thousands of topless women in DC.
But the real goal is to get
on the floor of Congress,
speak to them about the fact that
there are these censorship giants
that control the flow of nudity
and violence into our theaters
- and our televisions.
- Yes.
I think you'd be a great ally
for our cause. Hold on one second.
Hey, With! Come here. Orson.
- Guys, this is Dave. Dave, With and Orson.
- How's it goin', man? Nice to meet you.
Dave is an investor and his family
is in the beef and cattle industry and he's
really interested in helping us out.
Why don't you tell him
about what we're doing?
So we're trying to hack social media,
democratize the internet.
We're trying to just kill censorship
once and for all in this country.
And the leader of our movement
got arrested for a public stunt.
And bail is $25,000. So we're trying
to raise some money to get her out.
- Awesome.
- Do you want a drink? Let me get you drink.
- Miss bartender, do you have any Everclear?
- Yeah. Sure.
With, With, With, With, With!
I want you to meet...
- so Alexandria, this is With and...
- Pippi.
Pippi, nice to meet you.
So we're helping them
raise money for the campaign,
and now it seems for trial
and bail money too, yeah?
- So, tell about revolution.
- It's not exactly a revolution, see...
- Pardon.
- ...revolution implies revolve,
like something that spins
but comes back to the same place.
We want to transcend that.
It's time to evolve.
This is more of an evolution. Next level.
A cultural operating system upgrade.
- Hello.
- Hi. I'm drunk.
Me, too. Nice to meet you.
This is my friend.
I'm gonna take her away...
- Okay. Okay. Very good.
- If that's okay with you.
Have fun. Onwards and upwards! Yes.
Orson, I need a drink.
Hi. How are you doing?
Can I get another whiskey, please?
Hey, how goes that revolution?
We raised $450, but her bail's $25,000.
We still have to pay the bond
and hire a lawyer.
No. No, no, no. Jim, stop.
Please, you've helped me out so much.
- Stop.
- Oh, cut it out.
Here, just fill it out for what you need.
Don't go crazy.
Okay. Get back. Kiddo, come on.
I love you too. Come on.
I'm excited.
- Hey!
- Look at that.
A vision.
The lower clouds
We tried to climb
And love another
Hope's my name
They wore me out
Protect my flame
I'll make you shelter
Hold on
Where do you go?
How far are you?
You
To the most beautiful humans on Earth.
I love you all unconditionally.
Give Cali and Roz some love. They're
the real reason why you're out of prison.
I'm sorry...
for being such a bitch all the time.
Do you forgive me?
I guess I have to.
Oh, my God!
Slimy!
Greasy fucking kiss.
- Do you wash your face?
- No!
I knew you had a crush on me.
- She did!
- I've been so rude all along.
- You totally did. Oh, my God.
- I love that shit. I love that shit!
That was make-out session!
Cali, what's happening with DC?
I'm trying to get the permits
for 10,000 women at the Lincoln Memorial.
- Why the Lincoln Memorial?
- MLK, Forrest Gump... it's the venue.
I thought we were trying to get
on the floors of Congress.
DC is a fucking logistical nightmare,
okay? It is not happening. Hello?
- Ready to see some propaganda?
- I want to see! I want to see!
These are great!
I finally got a hold of Elle,
and she requested a meeting with you.
- Oh, my God. You got Elle?
- You got Elle?
- Who's Elle?
- Who's Elle? She's everywhere.
She's next up.
Bomit, Banksy, The London Police.
She's the next bullet in the barrel.
So when are you free to meet?
- Now.
- Yay!
Yeah!
So Milk's driving us
to an undisclosed location.
You need to put
this ski mask on, all right?
You're safe. You can take it off.
So Kilo told me that you're organizing
a big event in DC.
Yeah, we're planning on getting permits
for 10,000 topless women
to assemble at the Lincoln Memorial,
and we would love for you
to get involved in any possible way.
- When is it?
- We're trying to do it before the elections.
Here's what I can do.
A week before your event,
I can trigger my teams to carpet-bomb
and tag the entire Tri-State Area.
- But there's a problem.
- What's the problem?
- Yeah, what's...
- What's your identity?
- What's your name? Free the nipple?
- Yeah. You don't like it?
I mean, it's a catchy phrase. I don't
mean to offend, but it's a tagline.
It's not an identity.
You want to know who I think you are?
Yeah.
Girlrillaz.
- I love it.
- Fucking brilliant.
Basta, per favore.
I am aware that the Vatican are accusing
my show of being sinful and blasphemous.
I do not endorse a way of life
but describe one,
and the audience is left to make
its own decisions and judgment.
This is what I consider freedom of speech,
freedom of expression,
and freedom of thought.
If you do not believe in these freedoms,
you, the Catholic Church,
- are imprisoning everyone's minds.
- I would have that woman's babies.
Do you think we'll actually
get to Madonna?
If it's in the stars.
- Oh, no more quotes.
- Ready? Come on. It's for our DC speech.
All right. "In a country where obscenity
is defined, in large,
"by things sexual instead of things
related to war and killing and hatred,
what kind of world is that?"
- Who said that?
- Hugh Hefner.
- I love it, but he's a pornographer.
- Well, then you're gonna hate this quote.
"I think the real obscenity comes
from raising our youth to believe
"that sex is bad and ugly and dirty
"and yet it is heroic
to go spill guts and blood
in the most ghastly manner
in the name of humanity."
- Who said that?
- Let me finish. It's Larry Flynt.
"But ask yourself this question.
- What is more obscene, sex or war?"
- That's my line. He stole my line.
You weren't even born
when this speech was made.
Whatever, it's just a confirmation
of my inspiration.
Everyday, the media plays glorified images
of violence instead of showing the...
Fact: "Over two million juveniles every year
are incarcerated for violent crimes."
Fact: "On average, 32 people are killed
by handguns every single day..."
"Behavioral science shows that children
under the age of 8 can't tell the difference
"between reality and fantasy, making them
vulnerable to adopting the violence..."
"Kids like to imitate their heroes,
and, so many of our heroes
solve problems
through killing and violence."
- No.
- Wake up.
- When did you go to bed?
- 4:00 or 5:00.
- I finished my speech.
- Really?
- Do you want to read it?
- Yes. Can we do it outside, though?
I need nature.
- I love this. I love this.
- Which one?
"Democracy don't rule the world.
You better get that in your head.
"This world is ruled by violence,
but I guess that's better left unsaid."
- Dylan.
- I love it.
- You do?
- Yes.
- You mean it?
- Yes!
Incoming!
- Here it is.
- A little surprise.
A little homage to our sisters
in Pussy Riot.
Oh, shit.
- Free the nipple!
Hey! Free the nipple!
Nipple!
Hey, this guy!
You know what I read?
I read once that if you take
the best orgasm you've ever had, right?
And you multiply it times 100,
it's literally a drop in the bucket
compared to the bliss you feel
from enlightenment.
Well, no wonder organized religions
hate pleasure for pleasure's sake.
You can't generalize religion.
Yes, I can, they demonize it,
they make you feel guilty about it.
My entire childhood,
I thought that God was up there
watching me fuck myself in my bathtub.
Why are you so obsessed with masturbating?
I'm not obsessed. I just need a variety
of ways to get turned on.
For example. I have started masturbating
to videos of myself masturbating.
- Like this masturbation via feedback loop.
- No way.
Yeah. It's amazing.
I actually came. Like ejaculated.
- Stop.
- You've never ejaculated before?
Oh, my God. Stop.
You're making this shit up.
- You really are.
- No, I'm not. I swear. It's amazing.
So hang on. Let me...
let me ask you a question. So you...
you masturbate to videos
of yourself masturbating.
Yes. It is so narcissistic,
but it totally works.
Jesus Christ! Fucking douche-bag.
- We're talking about orgasms!
- Orgasms!
Yeah, if we can actually, like,
collaborate and morph it into one event,
that would be amazing.
Yeah, I think that would be so disruptive.
Thank you. Oh, my God.
Spencer, you have no idea.
You are my God today! Yes.
Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Yeah.
We'll send you all the information.
Okay. Bye.
Nympho!
Get your ass... in here!
On chante peitit saucisson!
Come here.
Oh, my God. We are so lucky.
You know who just contacted me right now?
- Who?
- Spencer Tunick.
- Amazing.
- He's huge.
- So he's gonna be collaborating with us.
- Kick ass!
I thought we were gonna do
the other one from now on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. You go like this.
Yeah.
- Got your fingers.
- Yeah.
Jim Black.
Hello?
With, they aren't gonna
give us the permits.
What do you mean?
I thought you said you could do this.
I'm sorry. I tried.
I couldn't convince them.
The museum's afraid
it will endanger their budget.
I'm sorry, With. Wish I had better news.
All right.
I have to figure something out, Jim.
Bye.
What?
- We lost the permits.
- What?
- It's over. I fucked this up.
- It's okay, okay?
We'll figure something else out.
You know? Forget DC.
This is all my fault.
With, look at me.
Look at me.
I feel like I'm letting
everybody down, you know?
You didn't let me down.
Sorry.
It's...
I don't know why I did that.
That was really weird.
I wasn't, like... planning
on doing that or anything.
- Where are you going?
- I'm going out.
With, you still have a towel on your head.
And you're... not wearing shoes.
Sorry.
Cali, who's your contact in DC?
Give me the number. I want to call them.
What is it that you think
you're going to accomplish?
Cali, please give me the number.
I don't know how many times
I have to tell you this.
Everything is booked, and even
if it wasn't, we can't get permits.
Organizing thousands of topless women
costs a shitload of money we don't have.
Pardon me for a second.
We're looking for eyeballs, right?
Obviously.
I mean, how do you get attention
in this day and age, you know?
Just, like, get some sort
of viral hit count Bieber...
Gangnam Style, cat baby thing, right?
No, no, no, no. You are not suggesting
we are doing a music video.
I'm not, but it's a valid art form.
What I'm saying is what do you do
when you have an important message
- that you want to get out to the people?
- You update your Facebook status.
But to more people. You know?
To the world. If you want to announce
you're running for President...
Press conference.
- Hold a press conference, exactly.
- Okay.
So you've got your friend Jim, right?
He's got the press in his pocket.
Why don't we put all that together
and grab a microphone and...
Why would anyone else care?
No one's gonna give three shits
about some speech. No offense.
- Yeah. It's true.
- Unless you're topless.
Well, what's the hook?
Okay, what would be so undeniable
that the press would have to cover it?
Wait.
This is the perfect opportunity for us to
just wreak some serious street-art havoc.
- Can we define havoc quickly? Before...
- And we don't have any bail money.
Hear me out. It's just a thought. What if,
on Halloween, while the cops are busy,
we got Kilo and Elle
to just go out on the street
and paste Free
the Fucking Nipple everywhere.
So that when everybody wakes up
on November 1st, it's like the first snow.
Yes. Yes. I like where you're
going with this. Keep going.
Great. And then the next day,
we hold a press conference,
and we take full responsibility
for the terrorist act.
I fucking love it. I love it. I'm gonna
call Jim right now. I'm on it, guys.
- What day are you gonna do this?
- November 1st.
Jim, did you... did you read my speech?
Yeah. The topless thing
is the Trojan horse,
but the real dialogue that's happening
is about violence.
- Your movement is becoming poignant.
- Great. Thank you.
Let me off the phone.
I got some calls to make.
Okay, cool. Thank you. Bye.
Hey, Cathy. Yeah, it's Jim. Is he there?
Well, get him out of that meeting.
- Hey... With?
- Yeah.
Come check this out.
I edited some stuff together.
It's very rough, but it can give you sort
of a general idea of what is going on.
- That's... you finished it. Everyone!
- No, it's not finished.
People! Humans! Stop. Come
and watch this. Orson just finished the cut.
It's a rough cut, though.
Not finished, so don't judge too harshly.
Wait.
There.
We live in oppressive times.
We, as a nation, become our own thought.
Jesus Christ is one of the most
historic victims of censorship and...
And even more disturbing, every...
and even more...
And even more disturbing...
...concern for commercial viability...
...Pontius Pilate was his censor.
And if you hate freedom, move to China.
Censorship, censorship,
censorship is an obvious hallmark
of any fascist, tyrannical regime.
Hey.
It's 4:00 a.m.
You must crash.
We've got a big night tomorrow.
Fuck. This is really happening.
Yeah.
It is.
Oh, and we have to call a lawyer...
to arrange for some bail money,
because someone is definitely...
- definitely getting arrested.
- Yeah.
You nervous?
Yeah.
Destiny comes to those who listen...
and fate sorts out the rest.
I'm so proud of you.
- Proud of me?
- And of us.
Don't do this right now.
I'm really proud of us too.
I'm proud of you.
We are getting reports in that there are
hundreds of nude and seminude women
running around the streets
of New York City.
Sources are saying that Girlrillaz,
Nipple Liberation front
is behind this frenzy...
...this flash mob
of topless women as evidenced
by this influx
of "Free the Nipple" posters,
various Girlrillaz art installations...
No, march, still!
Okay.
One, two, action!
Thank You for Watching Movies on 123Movies.to
And the sun, it will rise
And I will look into those eyes
That sometimes appear as my own
And we'll spread out our wings
And we'll forget all these things
And into your soul I will go
Hey
Holy moly,
Liz, she actually left her house.
Alert the media!
All right. Thank you for coming. I'm sure
that a lot of you are here purely because
you owe me favors...
or I once bailed you out.
Peter.
But no, really, you are all
some of the most influential bloggers
and opinion writers I know,
so I thank you very much.
I am here in lieu of my good friend, With.
And maybe you've heard some murmurings
about her group of girls
that have been tagging New York City
with "Free the Nipple."
I just ask for a few moments of your time
to watch a video that With put together.
And if not, well, I'll just fuck off
and post it on YouTube.
Okay, I'll shut up.
The film censors in America,
like the MPAA,
allow excessive violence
yet discourage nudity
and one of the most beautiful acts
of humankind... making love.
Well, our sexuality
has been taken away from us
and is essentially being sold back to us
through advertisement
and all this stuff...
You gotta be fair! You gotta be fair....
My body's not yours to feel ashamed of!
As a citizen of one of the most
violent countries in the world,
I just want to ask one simple question...
What is so obscene about a woman's body?
If religious leaders believe
that God created man and woman,
and they are so offended by our bodies,
don't arrest us for public nudity.
Complain to the manufacturer!
Get on your knees and pray for God
to make a less obscene version of us!
So you're watching the movie we made.
All of us.
Just a bunch of girls
who've never made a movie before.
So why did we make it?
Because it's hard to change the world.
You have to start somewhere.
We need new heroes, new stories,
and we need them now.
Look what they've done to my song, Ma
Look what they've done to my song
Well, it's the only thing
I could do half right
It's turning out all wrong, Ma
Look what they've done to my song
Look what they've done to my brain, Ma
Look what they've done to my brain
Well, they picked it like a chicken bone
And they think I'm half insane, Ma
Look what they've done to my brain
I wish I could find a book to live in
I wish I could find a good book
Because if I could find a real good book
I'd never have to come out and look at
Look what they've done to my song
Well, if the people are buying tears
They'll be rich someday, Ma
Look what they've done to my brain
Yeah, maybe I'll be all right, Ma
Yeah, maybe I'll be okay, Ma
If the people are buying tears
Then I'll be rich someday, Ma
Look what they've done to my song
Look what they've done to my soul, Ma
Look what they've done to my soul
Well, they tied it in a plastic bag
And they shook me upside down, Ma
Look what they've done to my soul
There's a shower of light
Shoots across the sky
Gently flowing, the energy
The stars flicker in time for you tonight
If I seem out of place now
I can see a way where I might be found
There's a reason
that I've never felt right
You always painted me wrong